Incremental Parsing
--------------------

Incremental parsing is a feature where Raptor can avoid reparsing bld.infs,
mmps etc (generally know as metadata files) when it determines that they
have not changed.  This means that the makefiles that were generated in a
previous build may be reused.

The primary benefit of this feature is to reduce the test-build-run cycle
in situations where the same build is being repeated many times without
changes to metadata files.  e.g. repeatedly changing a C++ source file and
recompiling the project.

Example:
	sbs -b bld.inf --ip=on

Old makefiles are only reused if they were aimed at building exactly the
same components, for exactly the same platforms and in the same environment
(raptor is currently sensitive to the PATH variable only).

The decision to re-parse is "all-or-nothing" - i.e. a change to any 
single bld.inf or mmp or any of their dependencies will result in a complete 
re-parse of all of them.

This feature is new and somewhat experimental - if you suspect that something
should have been rebuilt but hasn'ti while you are using the feature then 
simply remove the option from your incovation of sbs and rebuild.


Example:

Step 1)
With a clean epocroot the user types:
	sbs -b bld.inf --ip=on

What happens: bld.infs and mmps are parsed, makefiles are generated, the
source code is built

Step 2)
Next the user changes a source file and issues the same build
instruction:
	sbs -b bld.inf --ip=on

What happens: bld.infs and mmps are NOT parsed, step 1 makefiles are reused,
the changed source code is rebuilt.

Step 3)
The user adds a new mmp into their bld.inf file and issues the same build
command:

What happens: bld.infs and mmps are parsed, new makefiles are created,
the new code is built.

Step 4)
The user decides to build only for arm.v5.urel.rcvt4_0

	sbs -b bld.inf --ip=on -c arm.v5.urel.rvct4

What happens: bld.infs and mmps are parsed because the configuration has
changed even if arm.v5.urel.rvct4_0 is only a subset of the former builds,
new makefiles are created, nothing is built since no code changed.


